hi I'm Mike Schadt ski founder and
principal of negotiation dynamics with
another tip on how to negotiate a great
deal on a new car today we're going to
talk about hi I'd like you to meet our
F&I manager
what's the F&I manager that stands for
finance and insurance here's the deal
you just negotiate a great deal on that
new car you settled at the dealers
bottom line do you think the negotiation
is over you've signed the paper it's all
done as far as the dealership is
concerned when negotiation is over
you're in the middle of the negotiation
the job of the F&I manager is to make
money with what they call back-end sales
now if you're financing the car through
the dealership then we'll talk about
that in another video but if you're
financing the car through the dealership
you're gonna have to deal with the F&I
manager but don't think the negotiation
is over isn't it isn't at all because
the that person's job is to do more than
just get the financing their job is to
make a lot of other sales on other
products that they have available so as
Yogi said it ain't over till it's over
if you're not financing with the dealer
refuse to talk to the F&I manager
alright period end they can't make you
alright just refuse say I'm leaving and
say you gotta you can't if you take fine
well Tara alright we'll tear up the
contract and we won't sell the car if I
have to talk to the F&I manager okay
okay you don't need to talk to you every
night Matt knows you just have to
sometimes put your foot down and say no
so if you're not financing leave forget
it
refuse to talk to them now if you are
financing yet you're gonna have to talk
to this individual and that's when you
have to be aware that they're gonna try
you hope to sell you a whole lot of
stuff that you don't need which we'll
talk about in another video but just
remember the negotiate as long as you're
talking the F&I manager the negotiation
isn't over yet and they're still looking
to suck up a lot more money out of you
so for all the information you need to
compute the dealer's bottom line
and for a complete roadmap as to how to
negotiate on that new cart going over to
negotiation dynamics comm / new cart dot
ASP I'll see you next time
you